#20241012
Zhikai Huang (黄志凯)
Autonomous Biological Exploration with CMOS-Biointerface and Machine Learning
About Publications Teaching
About
I work at the intersection of integrated circuits, bioelectronics, and machine learning. My goal is to enable efficient, high-throughput biological exploration with autonomy, akin to a human-operated lab or factory. By leveraging state-of-the-art advancements in integrated circuits and machine learning, I aim to push the boundaries of automated biological research.

Towards this goal, I am working on the following aspects that form the autonomous closed-loop system:

"Hand" - Bio-Electrical Interface : Developing devices and processes such that better biology-electronics interface can be achieved.
"Body" - Integrated Circuits and System : Designing sensing and actuation arrays for bio-sensing and microenvironment manipulation featuring high throughput, complexity, and reliability.
"Brain" - Machine Learning : Applying machine learning algorithms to obtain knowledges and decesions from the acquired data and provide real-time feedback to modulate biological systems.
My work advances the development of innovative in-vitro biomedical platforms capable of investigating more sophisticated biological interfaces and analyses with greatly enhanced efficiency.


#20241010
Zhikai Huang (黄志凯)
Towards Scalable and Multimodal Three-Dimensional CMOS-Bioelectronic Interface with Embedded Machine Learning
About Publications Teaching
About
Two clear trends have emerged in the evolution of in-vitro biomedical platforms. First, biological models under test are shifting from traditional two-dimensional models (e.g., planar cell cultures) to more complex three-dimensional models (e.g., organoids), which more accurately mimicks in-vivo responses. Second, large-scale, high-resolution multi-modality physiological monitoring and manipulation are increasingly required to deepen biological understanding and support the use of advanced analytic tools such as machine learning with large data sets.

In my Ph.D. research, I propose a CMOS-based biomedical platform to address these two trends through three key innovations:

Shape-Reconfigurable 3D Structures for Organoid Interfacing : I am developing high-fidelity, shape-reconfigurable 3D structures that intimately interface with three-dimensional organoids. These structures are highly compatible with CMOS technology and are designed for general-purpose use, extending traditional 2D CMOS platforms to accommodate complex 3D biological samples with different phenotypes.
CMOS-Based Sensing and Actuation Array for High-Throughput, Multi-Modal 3D Biological Interfaces : I am building a CMOS-based system that enables large-scale, multi-modal physiological monitoring and manipulation of 3D biological systems. This scalable platform facilitates the generation of large, multimodal datasets, promoting a deeper understanding of complex biological processes.
Embedded Machine Learning for Real-Time Biological Understanding : My research embeds machine learning algorithms within a real-time sensing-analysis-actuation feedback loop, enabled by the CMOS sensing and actuation array. This integration allows for adaptive, real-time insights into biological systems, which sets my work apart from more traditional applications of machine learning in biomedical research without real-time feedback modulation.
By tackling these three challenges, my work advances the development of innovative in-vitro biomedical platforms that are capable of more sophisticated biological interfacing and analysis.

Short bio
I am a Ph.D. student at the integrated devices, electronics, and system (IDEAS) group at the department of information technology and electrical engineering (D-ITET), ETH Zurich. Before, I obtained my master degree in biomedical engineering from ETH Zurich, during which I gained experiences in mixed-mode analog circuit design, and developing machine learning algorithms for event-based cameras. Before that, I obtained my B.Eng in microelectronics from Xi'an Jiaotong University and was a visiting research intern at department of physics, McGill university. Contact me at zhhuang @ ethz.ch for any inquires.

#20241008
 The recent success of artificial intelligence underscores the importance of big data, a trend also evident in biomedical research. Three-dimensional biological models, such as organoids, hold great promise for various applications, including high-throughput drug screening. However, current technologies struggle to interface with these models efficiently, limiting our ability to fully understand their potential. To address this, I propose a CMOS-integrated three-dimensional microsystem that combines the information-processing power of electronic chips with shape-programmable 3D microrobotic structures for intimate biological interfacing. This technology could significantly advance next-generation biomedical research and applications.


# 20241015
Zhikai Huang (黄志凯)
Building CMOS-Integrated Micro-Robotic Device and System for Three-Dimensional Cells and Organoids Interfacing.

About
I am developing CMOS-integrated micro-robotic device and system for interfacing three-dimensional cell spheroids and organoids, which possess more complex cytoarchitectures. The developed technology enables precise control and monitoring of biosamples with their microenvironments, advancing tissue engineering, drug testing, and biomedical research, ultimately facilitates advancements in next-generation medical and therapeutic applications.

Short bio - I am a Ph.D. student at the integrated devices, electronics, and system (IDEAS) group at the department of information technology and electrical engineering, ETH Zurich, where I also obtained my master degree in biomedical engineering. Before that, I obtained my B.Eng in microelectronics from Xi'an Jiaotong University and was a visiting research intern at department of physics, McGill university. Contact me at zhhuang @ ethz.ch for any inquires.
